0.  pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis can written as silicosis which is lung dieseases
    which happens due to inhalation of micro particlesor volcanic particles..
1.  getrusage() returns resource usage measures for who,
    getrusage computes the cpu time for the process to occur for itself (RUSAGE_SELF)or for its children
    elements(RUSAGE_CHILDREN) it computes all the factors ...
2.  16
3.  it is always good to pass the members by reference because though we are not changing it
    but in pass by value we need memory,overhead in copying the data to new structure,and then extra 
    time to return the new structures,using pass by reference these overheads can be saved..
4.  the for loop works using fgetc function which is used to get a char casted in to an 
    unsigned int and the loop runs untils we are reached toend file and we are checking a char by char
    in the first condition the if checks for the alphabet or aphostrophe and second elseif checks for 
    the digit if it is digit then we consume all the characters till we reached the char which is alphabet
    and third else if checks that if the word is completed or not if it is then we compute the resource
    time and spell check it and again we prepare for a new word thats all for is doing for us..
5.  using fscanf we might ignore some chars that we not want to include in our word and we particularly
    want to implement the spell checker that checks all the misspellings
6.  because they will act as only key for our data structure we will not change them but we access 
    so if we might not change their value  thats why for safety we going to make them constants..
7.  i have used hash tables to that because in them i found there is less space wastage
    and they are very quicker too because i have choosen the hash table size around 5k because 
    this will make the load factor of the table to be 30 node per location if the uniformity remains and
    the large dictionary is used ..
    
8.  actually i improved from 0.20 sec to 0.10 sec..
9.  i tried to change the hash function and table size in order to improve performance..
10. no i don't think code works fine..
